Improve entropy estimates from classical shadow density matrix estimators (#4959)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  Users should now validate these properties manually.
  [(#4773)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4773)

> * With the aformentioned improvement to `ClassicalShadow.entropy` the keyword `atol`
>   becomes obsolete and will be removed in the next release.
>   [(#4959)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4959)

Reviewer: Given the length of the changelog, I don't think we should reference a sentence hundreds of lines away.  

```suggestion
* With an algorithmic improvement to `ClassicalShadow.entropy`, the keyword `atol`
  becomes obsolete and will be removed in v0.35.
  [(#4959)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4959)
```
